[Sumário](https://github.com/lucasfantacuci/DevOpsRevelado/blob/master/README.md)


[Anterior](https://github.com/lucasfantacuci/DevOpsRevelado/blob/master/CHAPTER03/3-4-YOUCREATEWITHQUALIDADEEMONITORAMENTO.md)


## Agradeça aos erros você aprende e ensina


If an error occurs, you solve it calm and confidently.
You identify root cause of an incident by relying on
scientific evidence obtained and observed from your
automated tests and telemetry. If you identify a
missing test case or missing telemetry after the
resolution of the issue, you add them to your code
repository together with your fix.


In a complex system like yours, no single person can
know and foresee everything. Therefore, everyone in
your organization believe that errors are not bad
surprises, but they are part of maturity process of
your products and services. Errors are opportunities
to learn and grow. You and your organization
conceive errors as a mean of new personal and
organizational learnings.


Blameless post-mortems of errors will also enable
you to even better identify root causes of incidents
and discover techniques to avoid same and similar
errors in the future. Thanks to your incident, you
now convert your local learnings from your team and
software into organizational memory which will serve
everyone in your organization. 


You and your team are never punished because of
this error, but you are awarded due to the lessons
you learnt and shared after this incident. Thanks to
your contribution, many teams in your organization
know how to avoid such an incident in the future. 


[Próximo]()
